wwwroot\css\admin_site.css
wwwroot\css\auth_site.css
wwwroot\css\both_custom.css
wwwroot\css\both_setup.css
wwwroot\css\components\admin_change_password.css
wwwroot\css\components\admin_footer.css
wwwroot\css\components\admin_header.css
wwwroot\css\components\admin_item_photo.css
wwwroot\css\components\both_click_show_image.css
wwwroot\css\components\both_dynamic_notifier.css
wwwroot\css\components\both_have_paginate.css
wwwroot\css\components\both_hover.css
wwwroot\css\components\both_preloader.css
wwwroot\css\components\both_wait_load.css
wwwroot\css\components\user_back.css
wwwroot\css\components\user_footer.css
wwwroot\css\components\user_header.css
wwwroot\css\components\user_index.css
wwwroot\css\components\user_individual.css
wwwroot\css\components\user_result.css
wwwroot\css\components\user_show_qr_code.css
wwwroot\css\components\user_slick_slider_for_result.css
wwwroot\css\components\user_species_composition.css
wwwroot\css\user_site.css
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM000_Phường Ninh Giang, Thị xã Ninh Hoà, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM001_Phường Ninh Hà, Thị xã Ninh Hoà, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM002_Phường Ninh Hải, Thị xã Ninh Hoà, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM003_Xã Ninh Ích, Thị xã Ninh Hoà, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM004_Xã Ninh Lộc, Thị xã Ninh Hoà, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM005_Xã Ninh Phú, Thị xã Ninh Hoà, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM006_Xã Ninh Phước, Thị xã Ninh Hoà, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM007_Xã Ninh Vân, Thị xã Ninh Hoà, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM008_Thị trấn Vạn Giã, Huyện Vạn Ninh, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM009_Xã Vạn Hưng, Huyện Vạn Ninh, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM010_Xã Vạn Khánh, Huyện Vạn Ninh, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM011_Xã Vạn Phước, Huyện Vạn Ninh, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM012_Xã Vạn Thắng, Huyện Vạn Ninh, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM013_Xã Vạn Thạnh, Huyện Vạn Ninh, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAM014_Xã Vạn Thọ, Huyện Vạn Ninh, Tỉnh Khánh Hoà.png
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\03DA71EF-9140-40AF-B83F-5C2B5CA1CBC3_1.jpg
wwwroot\img\distribution-map-img\755C9521-9A35-4EAF-8A5D-0E05316A331A_1.jpg
wwwroot\img\logo\banner.jpg
wwwroot\img\logo\bg-footer.jpg
wwwroot\img\logo\favicon.ico
wwwroot\img\logo\img_bg.jpg
wwwroot\img\logo\leaf.png
wwwroot\img\logo\logo.png
wwwroot\img\logo\Logo_NTU.png
wwwroot\img\logo\mangrove.png
wwwroot\img\logo\mission.jpg
wwwroot\img\qr-img\qr-code.png
wwwroot\img\stage-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAB016_Bần trắng.jpg
wwwroot\img\stage-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAB017_Sinh cảnh.jpg
wwwroot\img\stage-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAB018_Bộ rễ.jpg
wwwroot\img\stage-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAB020_Dà vôi.jpg
wwwroot\img\stage-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAB021_trụ mầm và hoa.jpg
wwwroot\img\stage-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAB022_trụ mầm và hoa.jpg
wwwroot\img\stage-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAB023_Rễ cây.jpg
wwwroot\img\stage-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAB024_Cây non và tái sinh.jpg
wwwroot\img\stage-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAB025_Bần trắng.jpg
wwwroot\img\stage-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAB026_Tổng quan.jpg
wwwroot\img\stage-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAB027_Tổng quan.jpg
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP000_Ráng đại.jpg
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP001_Ráng đại.jpg
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP002_Vẹt dù.jpg
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP003_Vẹt dù.png
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP004_Vẹt dù.jpg
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP005_Vẹt dù.jpg
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP006_Vẹt dù.jpg
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP007_Dà vôi.jpg
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP008_Dà vôi.jpg
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP009_Dà vôi.png
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP010_Dà vôi.jpg
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP011_Bần trắng.jpg
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP012_Bần trắng.jpg
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP013_Bần trắng.jpg
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP014_Bần trắng.png
wwwroot\img\tree-img\00000000-AAAA-AAAA-AAAA-AAAAAAAAP015_Bần trắng.jpg
wwwroot\js\custom\admin_site.js
wwwroot\js\custom\auth_site.js
wwwroot\js\custom\both_site.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\cancel_action.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\collapse_expand.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\create_items_page.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\items.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\lazy_load_image.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\load_page.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\menu_header.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\move_item_photo.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\paginate.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\password.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\save_link_back.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\scroll_page.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\search.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\show_hidden_tab.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\show_info_image.js
wwwroot\js\custom\components\slider.js
wwwroot\js\jquery\jquery-2.2.4.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\LICENSE
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.map
wwwroot\lib\jquery\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\LICENSE.md
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\LICENSE.txt
